58923
How great is our God
<1>
The splendor
of a.. King
clothed in majesty
Let all the earth
rejoice
all the earth
rejoice
He wraps himself
in light
and darkness
tries to hide
it trembles
at his voice
trembles at his voice
How great is our God
sing with me
How great is our God
and all will see
How great
How great is our God
And age to age
He stands
and time
is in.. His Hands
Beginning
and the End
Beginning
and the End
The Godhead
three in one
Father Spirit Son
the Lion
and the Lamb
the Lion
and the Lamb
How great is our God
sing with me
How great is our God
and all will see
How great
How great is our God
Name above all names
Worthy of all praise
My heart will sing
how great is our God
Name above all names
you are worthy
of all praise
and my heart will sing
how great is our God
How great is our God
Sing with me
How great is our God
and all will see
How great
How great is our God
How great is our God
Sing with me
How great is our God
and all will see
How great
How great is our God
How great is our God
Sing with me
How great is our God
and all will see
How great
How great is our God
